we talk about the saddle we talk about
thirst adjustment the height of the
saddle and of his
there is a mathematical rule that you give us
an indication of the saddle height e
measure your horse and height
of your horse you multiply
this of height for 0.885 and this there
gives an indication of the height of the
saddle that will then amaze some
small variation depending on the
feelings and preferences
individual
obviously it's not so comfortable to measure e
improve your horse because
actually requires equipment
that normally at home is not why
there is a rule of thumb that in general
it works quite well and therefore
may be suitable for the use of a
city ​​bike bikes on which anyway
we wo n't stay for hours and that's about
get in the saddle meters stallion on the south
on the pedal and putting the pedal in
continuation of the tube in the frame
with the leg must be must be
expanse this or vidali sauna first is
acceptable indication of correct
seat height checked then
at the same time with this
can you rest your feet for
land
if not in itself not so if it were not so
and reduce slightly the height of the
saddle so you can avoid falling
in the event of sudden braking braking
obviously who uses a racing bike
and remains remains on the racing bike for
a few hours will have to do a correct one
measurement of your horse and not from
precise measurement of the height of the
saddle that we won't even do with a
meter but with even more tools
more precise than they give us
an indication with a margin of error
really wine
we said we verify the height
multiply their horse by
0.085 once we did this
measure we can then verify with m ci
they are also professional tools
that allow you to position the saddle
with more precision you see this
tool a centimeter scale
graduated if supported by the center
of the pedals we can go to
check that the saddle height is
corrected once verified
correct height we must verify the
correct inclination the apex obviously
must be level and with a level
we're going to check that the saddle is
slightly tilted forward or
perfectly flat and will never have to
be the highest point of the point
of support because otherwise the
position to results extremely
uncomfortable and also and also painful for
adjust the correct application
we act on google and in this case one
alone in another of lg if I am
can be two positioned and below
the carriage will loosen the Allen screw
this will allow you to move the more
of the clamp asking who asks
locked the saddle and then to adjust
you believe its correct inclination
also realize that the saddle can also
move slightly forward e
back so if you have the feeling
to be too close
you can slightly away from the saddle
or vice versa you can approach and hold
account that they are small adjustments and
not on the 6s, so here on the chairs
we say technical and always indicated in the
ski nation is mild maximum that it is
can be done to be able to use
the security office one last
recommendation regarding the
saddle position
check that it is correct
align that therefore it is truth
if you see that the tip tends
slightly on one side from the other i
give up the register life
position it 6 correctly and a
this point
close the resistent screw and I would say
that on the saddle of the fundamental things
the devils